re
200 will properly ask is Kanna Hashimoto in Hello everyone Bloom dbl
Thank you in advance Thank you in advance
Yes please'm okay if I have another before facing that camera Tadashi firmly it big
I 'm taking a smile from Chang, yes
It's a song Today is about that idol monster
It gave me come to this Monster Hunter meze Porta pioneer Symbol release commemorative events of
Though
Well this year there is still a part that still remains even though it is one year
But when I think about that, every day is below
About I think I do not that first I did not see the door's
Really since 2014 you have been active in the year though
How about looking back on your own?
Really one year
It will be a lot of experience of an example is this year
Thank you very much for studying a lot
And thanks to everyone, let me also appear in events, magazines and television that I did
I think it was a very fulfilling year it received
Yes we also have many times that Hashimoto 's smile was healed
But thank you very much
Well do a thing that that first simulation rpg of this monster hunter
Though
Well this Hey dispersion fender is really amazing boom in Japan
I'm doing but how is it
A really eco monster hunter is so great around me
I realized that I wonder I'm popular to really be doing a lot of Toka or the staff was friend
I know
There I also have a person who has become or started this Monster Hunter in the wake of this
After all, this is also when I'm ne This latest work represents a feel free to start is likely to feel and fairly in
I also want to do with my home PC because I can do it with my PC
Thank you Now I am in fact that today
The guests who came as guests are abolished and the other one is also welcome.
Yes So do you want I will call you immediately
If the monster in the idol world is Rin Hashimoto , like a hunter
Seat of the top of the idol
I think also that this person it is speaking with your hunt there
So Please come in
car
ai
ni
car
nasan
Iiiiii YYY
shoo
Thank you so much for being fun this month today
Man met wanted over yes
Thank you for doing it, Maeda
Hey, I asked a white powder but it is not it's also surely's it is by elite way
Please
Hey It is a large-chan who touch City
Mr. Hashimoto , please end at about the position
No matter what kind of writer you are
Also has shortness of breath suddenly dance out of Kekkire from appearance
From Naa left in a hurry Ee' Pakkan did you think but was Irasshai been the
Or
Really's Kintaro of
I really like it and when I get out I get in a row and get excited
I 'm glad I think it's so aggressive
After all that Arina is said to be my face, but I also said to be a face of last year
How do you really child to see you I think also I wonder if there was time to have
It is a mischievous person
It's great, I'm glad I can get close to myself I was hurt, really a
I told you a long time ago, but I often use twitter
When I make money even though I look at the private-chan appeared ne
Me it anymore with this angel of image Te is tens of thousands of village additional look
What
It is cute say Datte What
Is n't it embarrassing, is n't it not? If Hashimoto Kanna is your partner, it is true
Mr. Kintaro is also the hate of such an idol
I'm going to be a hunter but please give it up
When was the monster of Kanna-chan idle world I of All Right Association
'M the monster was already decided I am today
Big laughs in front of Kanna-chan, everyone is laughing on this stage
I'd like to hunting, but I 'm pretty calmly taking a shutter
Is it okay
I want to party 9
Ufufu